Job Title: Cloud Enablement Engineer US
Company: Quanata
Location: Remote-US
Salary Min: 0
Salary Max: 0
Tags: security, technical, software, cloud, engineer, engineering
Job URL: https://remoteOK.com/remote-jobs/remote-cloud-enablement-engineer-us-quanata-1131488

Job Description:
To help keep everyone safe, we encourage all applicants to pay close attention to protect themselves during their job search. When applying for a position online you are at risk of being targeted by malicious actors looking for personal data. Please be aware we will only reach out via email using the domain quanata.com. Anything that does not match those domains should be ignored and considered a security risk.

About Us

Quanata is on a mission to help ensure a better world through context-based insurance solutions. We are an exceptional, customer centered team with a passion for creating innovative technologies, digital products, and brands. We blend some of the best Silicon Valley talent and cutting-edge thinking with the long-term backing of leading insurer, State Farm.

Learn more about us and our work at quanata.com

Our Team

From data scientists and actuaries to engineers, designers and marketers, we’re a world class team of tech-minded professionals from some of the best companies in Silicon Valley, and around the world.  We’ve come together to create the context-based insurance solutions and experiences of the future.   We know that the key to our success isn't just about nailing the technology—it’s hiring the talented people who will help us continue to make a quantifiable impact.

The role

Quanata is seeking a Cloud Enablement Engineer to join us in providing a suite of solutions centered by AWS services that enable our product development and engineering organization to create, and deliver Quanata’s technical offerings. Our team focuses on enabling software engineers to reliably and rapidly deliver software, and manage the company’s cloud infrastructure standards, while empowering developers to build for their needs.

Your day-to-day

Implement AWS cloud standards for infrastructure, networking, and s<br/><br/>Please mention the word **APPROPRIATE** and tag RMjQwNzpkMDAwOmY6ODQyNzo5ZGExOjUxZDk6NWYwODoyODYx when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RMjQwNzpkMDAwOmY6ODQyNzo5ZGExOjUxZDk6NWYwODoyODYx). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.